-: Now you have enough information to go ahead
and try to gain access to other systems
to computers, servers, web servers and stuff like that.
And in this section we're gonna be talking
about gaining access to computer devices.
And what I mean by computer devices is any electronic device
you see is as a computer.
So a phone, a TV, a laptop
a web server, a website, a network, a router.
All of these things are computers.
All of them have an operating system
and they have programs installed on these operating systems.
And usually, in most cases these computers
are used by a user.
So you have an operating system,
they have programs installed on that operating system
and they have a user who uses them
and configures this system.
So I'm gonna be talking about how you gain access
to computers in this example, an actual personal computer.
So the name that people call it usually i.e. a computer.
So we're gonna have a target of a Windows device
and we're gonna have a target of a Linux device.
But the concept is always the same.
Getting access to computer devices is always the same.
So you can apply the same concepts
if you are targeting a phone
if you're targeting a tablet,
if you're targeting a web server.
And we will be targeting web servers as well.
But I will be talking about it just like a normal computer.
This is very important to understand.
Every device you see is a computer
and it works just like your personal computer.
So I can set up a web server on my computer
I can make it look like a website and act as a website.
I can make it act as a TV,
and I can make it act as anything I want.
And literally, TVs and all these things are just
simpler computers with less complicated hardware in them.
So we're gonna be talking about attacking these devices
from two main parts or from two main sites.
The first approach that we're going to use is
the server site.
So in this site it doesn't require any user interaction.
We're gonna have a computer and we're gonna see how
we can gain access to that computer without the need
for the user to do anything for the user who
uses that computer to do anything.
All we have is gonna be an IP address
and we're gonna see how we can test the security
and gain access to that computer based on that IP.
So our main way of getting in is gonna be the operating
system that that target runs and the applications installed
on that system.
The second approach that we're gonna try
is the client side attacks.
So this approach will require the client or the person
who uses that computer to do something.
It could be install an update, it could be
opening a picture, it could be opening a Trojan.
So we're gonna learn how to create a Trojan, how to create
back doors, how to use social engineering to make
the target person do something
and when they do that action
we will gain access to their computer.
Information gathering is gonna be crucial
in this case because we actually need to
know the person that we're targeting.
After all of that,
I'm gonna talk about the post exploitation.
So what you could do after you gain access to this computer
regardless of the method that you gained access to it.
So you could have used a server side exploit
you could have used a client side exploit
or you could have just got a physical access,
the person left their desk and you got in.
So we're gonna see what can you do once you have access
to your target, how you could further exploit that target
and increase your privileges
or target other computers in the same place.